apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
Mango at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of Guavas at 10p each
Guava at 10p
5 sales of Plums at 5p each
Plum at 5p
2 sales of grapes at 15p each
grapes at 15p
Papaya at 20p
25 sales of Papayas at 20p each
apple at 10p
Add 2p Guavas
Add 3p bananas
Subtract 5p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
Mango at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of Guavas at 10p each
Guava at 10p
5 sales of Plums at 5p each
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Multiply 20p Plums
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
Add 5p Guavas
Subtract 5p mangoes
12 sales of grapes
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
Mango at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of Guavas at 10p each
Guava at 10p
5 sales of Plums at 5p each
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
Mango at 10p
20 sales of oranges at 10p each
orange at 10p
20 sales of Guavas at 10p each
Guava at 10p
5 sales of Plums at 5p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each
20 sales of apples at 10p each
Add 20p apples
apple at 10p
20 sales of bananas at 10p each
banana at 10p
20 sales of mangoes at 10p each